Let's begin near the end.
The final act of a tragic story.
When you've seen as many wars as I have,
you get used to it.
The hard part
is watching worlds fall that don't need to
because a hero can no longer rise
to meet their moment.
[metal footsteps]
[sighs]
But I swore an oath. And so I watch.
In every variation of this universe,
Riri Williams is its last best hope.
But in every one I've watched,
no matter how hard she fights,
and how long she struggles,
she always fails.
Always.
You're late.
[Riri] Patrols are everywhere.
And I'm not exactly popular
with the Iron Federation, so...
Well, blowing up their convoys
probably didn't help.
You have the money?
You have my score?
Strictly analog, just like you asked.
This looks intact.
How many more can you get me?
You're willing to risk a lot
for someone
who doesn't strike me as the baking type.
Unless the rumors are true,
and what you're really cooking up
is a weapon.
I don't know what you're talking about.
I'm just looking to make a Bundt cake.
Tread carefully, Williams.
'Cause once the Federation
has you in its sights, the story's over.
[distant whirring, footsteps]
Nothing personal.
It's just business.
Yeah, well, that's the problem
with everyone these days.
You never know who's real
and who's a fake.
[pulsing, glass shatters]
[Riri Williams grunts]
Come on, come on. Why won't it start?
Fake! Fake!
Aah!
Guess that one was real.
- Y'all keepin' it real, too? Bingo.
- [pinging]
Come on! Come on!
- Come on! Come on, just start.
- [sputtering]
[screaming]
[groans]
[clanging, powering down]
Please be a hologram.
[screams, groans]
[strains] Okay. I guess not.
[choking]
[screams]
[thuds, groans]
Who are you people?
What the hell is goin' on?
I'm Admiral Ying Nan with the Alliance.
He is coming about. Mystic support!
Captain Valkyrie, let's move.
[The Watcher] Welcome to Earth.
What's left of it anyway.
[The Watcher] Time.
Space.
Reality.
It's more than a linear path.
It's a prism of endless possibility,
where a single choice
can branch out into infinite realities,
creating alternate worlds
from the ones you know.
I am the Watcher.
I am your guide
through these vast new realities.
Follow me and ponder the question...
"What if?"
The end of the world began
with a birth of the Celestial
that had been gestating
deep beneath the surface.
In this universe,
the Emergence occurred years before
the Eternals could unite to stop it.
But one man saw the chaos
as an opportunity.
The brilliant
but ego-maniacal engineer, Quentin Beck,
who took over Stark Industries.
What followed
was a long and protracted war
between an alliance of resistance fighters
and Beck's Iron Federation.
And with victory within his grasp,
Beck was determined to ensure the Alliance
took its last breath before he did.
[breathing heavily]
The Alliance is down
to their last brigade.
Go to their base
and end them.
[breathing heavily]
We pick up all kinds of stuff
floating around here.
- Drink?
- [exhales]
This used to be someone's,
and now it's just...
wreckage.
Hard to see what we have to drink to.
We are still here.
After the Emergence,
that seems as good a reason as any.
So why am I here?
Or did y'all go through all this trouble
just to make me feel special?
[chuckles]
Our ears on the ground say
the magnetron you acquired
from the Power Broker
is for a weapon of great interest to us.
A weapon to destroy the Vision.
So, what, you've been spying on me?
Yes.
- For a long time, actually.
- [sighs]
Our intel indicates
your weapon powers down Vibranium,
decouples it.
But to take out a synthezoid,
you are going to need
a lot more than one busted part
from a Kiddy Cake Cooker.
Wow, okay.
Y'all really have been spying on me.
We just saved your life.
I think you can trust us.
[Riri] Well, that's the thing.
I don't trust anyone.
And from what I've heard,
the Alliance is kind of a sinking ship.
Hmm. Well, you are right about that one.
Our ship sank a long time ago.
The Vision has ravaged our forces
across the Federation.
This base is all that remains
of the Alliance.
Just when you thought
things couldn't get any more hopeless.
The planet may have been destroyed,
but the world carries on.
What you decide to make of the pieces...
- [opens]
- ...well, that is up to you.
Damn, this is...
[Ying Nan] Everything?
Everything you will need
to build your weapon.
That is, of course, if you're interested.
A lot of people died for all of this.
If you really think
there is no hope left in this world,
then make some yourself.
Y'all got any snacks?
I work better with brain food.
- [chuckles]
- [man] Admiral, we have incoming.
What's the molecular density?
- [man] Reads as variable.
- [sighs]
[Ying Nan] Eyes up, everyone!
Secure the perimeter!
- Nothing gets through to the lab.
- [soldier 1] Let's go.
- [soldier 2] Go, go, go!
- Two by two, two by two.
[indistinct chatter]
He is already here.
[Valkyrie] Copy that.
How long do you think you'll need
to build that weapon?
- About 12 hours.
- Hah!
Well, how long do I have?
Seven-and-a-half minutes.
I'm sorry, what?
That's how long the Vishanti
protection spell is going to hold.
No. What? What?
[gunfire, man screaming]
[grunting]
[ricochets]
Seven-and-a-half minutes. Really? Really?
[thuds]
[Wong] Sorry, Casper.
You're not getting through.
At least not for the next five minutes.
[Valkyrie, Ying Nan scream]
Guess I need to be an engineer
and a magician. Cool.
[both continue screaming]
Just building a totally theoretical weapon
on the fly. What could go wrong?
[grunting]
Come on. Come on. Come on.
[Wong screams]
[Riri] Cool, cool!
Tick tock, Riri!
In seven-and-a-half minutes.
You can't grill a hamburger
in seven-and-a-half minutes,
but sure, fine!
Come on. Come on. Come on!
Yeah. Yeah, come at me,
you dead-eyed son of a--
What?
No, no, no, no, no,
come on, come on, let's go!
Increase the frequency wave,
reverse the polarity.
- Come on, let's go!
- [charging, pulses]
[gasps] You did it.
Without his guard dog,
Beck's illusions are gonna have
a lot less bite.
Perhaps there's a little hope left
in this world after all.
Good, we will need it.
This location has been compromised.
We will need to wipe away any last traces
of our operation and move out.
What about the rest of the crew?
[Ying Nan] He killed them all.
Reverse the polarity. Come on, let's move!
Reverse the polarity. Come on--
[Beck] This shouldn't be possible!
[coughing]
Reverse the polarity. Come on, let's move!
Who the hell is Riri Williams?
[Ying Nan] Our fallen allies
came from many lands,
but they united for one cause.
May their sacrifice be a light of hope
seen across the stars.
- Light the fuse.
- Mm.
[crackling]
Where's Riri?
[The Watcher] She's lost so much.
Friends, family, the world she once knew.
She's clung to this fight to sustain her.
But in the end,
it will be the fight that kills her.
As it always does.
The Vision news has spooked Beck.
He's reinforcing his Iron Legion
on every province in the Federation.
Any chatter on the encrypted channels?
Dead silence. We are all that is left.
Hmm. Well, it's only a matter of time
before Beck finds us, too.
So we take the fight to him
while we're still here and finish him.
With Vision gone,
Beck has never been weaker.
The illusion network is all he has left.
I say we take that from him, too.
What exactly are you proposing?
Beck's entire operation
is run on a nanotech network.
To take it down,
we need to drop behind enemy lines,
blow the nanites powering his illusions,
and then it's over.
His reign, his terror.
Him.
His headquarters are located
on a planetary fragment
on the fast side of the asteroid ring.
Even if we were to survive the approach...
A base like that will be heavily guarded.
We'd be entering a world of illusions
completely blind.
I can get us past the illusions.
I can plug myself
into the system running Beck's holograms.
Such technology...
Is impossible.
But not for Riri.
It's a big swing, no doubt.
That's why you gotta have vision.
And wouldn't you know,
I got all his spare parts.
[The Watcher sighs] Here we go again.
Riri Williams always thinks
she can build her way out of her problems.
And with this latest invention,
you wouldn't blame her
for believing she can.
More than a suit of armor,
it's a fusion of human and machine,
elevating her to new levels
of consciousness
no living person has ever known.
You'll be a human synthezoid.
There's no telling
how that power will change you
or if you can ever turn back.
Growing up, I lost a lot.
And then the world ended
and I lost everyone else.
If this will help me
take the fight to Beck, I have to do it.
'Cause this fight...
is all I have left.
[The Watcher] But even with the powers
of the Vision flowing through her,
she still can't see...
that this is how it ends for her.
Always.
We are approaching Beck's airspace.
[Wong] Looks like
a heavy ground-to-air barrage.
Guess that means you're up, Riri.
Are you ready for this? What do you see?
It's working, yeah.
I can see what's real and what's fake.
Just stay on my wing and you'll be fine.
[whirring]
[Riri] Fake!
Fake! Fake!
Fake!
That's real! Light 'em up now!
[groans] Whoa, whoa!
- What?
- What's going on?
Why are you slowing down?
Something's off.
My neural network is sputtering.
But I can fight through it.
Come on, Riri. You can do this.
I know you can.
- [explosion]
- [Riri Williams screaming]
[Wong] Oh, oh, oh!
[Riri Williams continues screaming]
[grunts]
[Ying Nan] Riri. Riri!
[screams]
Come on. Are you with me?
What's your status?
There's something wrong
with my neural network.
I can't see through the illusions.
Can you still hack the control hub?
If we can actually make it there.
Where's the rest of the team?
They're holding off Beck's forces
to give us a chance, but not for long.
We need to finish this, Riri.
[exhales]
[panting]
[distant explosions]
[charging]
[clanging]
I've led you this far.
This is where you end it.
[Riri Williams panting]
Wireless connection's still dead.
Old-fashioned way it is.
Just the fate of the literal world
at your fingertips.
No presh.
You might wanna take cover.
This is about to get--
What? No.
No, no, no!
No! Ying Nan!
No, no, no, no, no, no, no!
[Beck laughing]
Come on, Riri.
You should know in this world,
you can't trust anyone.
No, this doesn't make any sense.
We navigated the holograms,
followed the coordinates.
The nanite network should be here!
And it is
because I am the network.
What the...
You're not the first person
to give themselves
a high-tech makeover, Riri.
I had my nanites uploaded into my body
so I could control all my illusions
with the blink of an eye.
So if you came to take them from me,
I'm afraid you're gonna have to pluck them
out of my cold dead body.
By the looks of it,
I won't have to wait very long.
The tech has come at a price,
but it was worth it because now,
you are all that remains of the Alliance.
No. These are all lies!
Easy, Riri.
I shut down your phasing capabilities.
I programmed Vision, remember?
And from the moment
you brought his tech back online,
I've allowed you to do just enough
to come right to me.
- [electricity crackling]
- [screaming]
Then why bring me here?
So I can live to enjoy my victory.
I didn't think
I had much time left in this world
until I saw this brilliant little glow-up
of yours and realized
I don't need my body
when I can have Vision's.
[screaming louder]
It'll be so much faster
if you don't fight, Riri.
See? Almost done.
It's too bad. I was starting to feel
like we had a connection.
That's the thing about connections.
- They go both ways.
- [powering down]
[grunting]
[screaming]
If you hadn't noticed,
I'm kind of stubborn,
and I've come too far to give up now.
[Beck] Oh!
But you will.
[laughs]
[screams]
Beck, put away these magic tricks
and stop hiding!
You're right.
If my illusions will not break you,
perhaps the truth will.
You never left the fields.
[gasps]
[sobbing]
[Beck] Your team is dead.
The Alliance is dead.
You failed.
You failed your friends.
You...
You have nothing left to fight for.
[The Watcher] This is it.
The moment where it always ends.
Her spirit is exhausted.
She's seen too much, lost too much.
Her will to fight is all Riri Williams
felt she had left in this world,
and now she's lost that, too.
- [pulsing]
- [Riri Williams screams]
[The Watcher] Finally, at the end,
without any hope left,
I just...
I don't know if I can bear
to watch it one more time.
- Yes!
- [groaning, grunts]
Oh, thatta girl, Riri.
You don't have to resist anymore.
No.
Fight.
Riri.
- Fight back.
- [panting]
[crackling]
What?
What... What's happening?
[gasps] No, no!
No, no, no, no!
No, no, what are you doing?
Finishing this.
I beat you!
[screaming]
No! No, no, no, no!
My nanites!
[gasps, coughs]
[gasping heavily]
I see through your reality.
No, no, no. [coughs]
And I'm shutting it down.
I am the master of illusions!
I can make it
like your little victory never happened.
The people will never know.
They will because I'm going to give them
a vision of the future.
With what?
Hope.
No.
No. No.
[people cheering]
[thudding]
[gasping]
[gurgles]
[The Eminence] What has he done?
[The Incarnate]
He has broken his oath. Again.
[The Executioner]
We cannot allow this to stand.
No.
So from here on,
we must continue to watch...
him.
[♪ upbeat instrumental music playing]